and is in Bahrain manama and recorded subjects that
they already live in the region and there it is only beauty
I'm back with another video I hope
immensely you like this video
This gameplay has no better game today
It's just a video because it's the second
episode of this small series that we
we started here on the canal with the arrival of
goals called essential tips for
Beauty codes in the first episode I
I spoke of the mini map the radar
for those who do not know but it's that
radar that is on the left side
top of the screen
I talked about that is possible
identify if your opponent is in the
Upstairs downstairs on the floor
that you find yourself
a lot of people there and it confusing
has remained unnoticed and omni map
Show us if the opponent is in the
Upstairs downstairs on the floor
that you find yourself
I said that in the first video I will
leave the link in the description if you do not
saw the beauty in this
Here I want to talk about this episode.
of the predator in the so - called rocket code
trinity in Portuguese nor rocket 30 and
This reduces this rocket was introduced
in mw2 lopes did not have there returned in w3 and
remained in black ops 2 with
some differences are mw3 mw2 it
was to be a missile just to get you right.
a one point map on black ops 2
he was a missile that defragments
vanelli
He is part of it, I'm going to put
spread on several levels for you
hit that region of the map and goal
I did now it's three missiles
you active first you hit the
second and you active have been this is well
cool the first and second you point
in the direction you want to hit but not
It is how you control the speed
slow down you have to
twist to hit and the third is
possible to be active first as
fast and the third you control it if
it will go faster if he will flee
slower it became very interesting is
possible to hit three locations on the map
same time I'll leave some examples
Here for you, for example.
is that I accepted both opponents and the
the opponent's helicopter at the same time is
with the same beginning with the good of the hour
I'm pretty cool, I really liked the
Product or rocket dynamics
trinity in there goals
I hope I have helped you activate oo
the rocket or the first capsule you have
that tighten the attractive rt the second you
turn and press again and
the third again semira in the direction
squeeze rt and accelerate it if it goes more
slow and steady wins weaker last hope
to have helped you hope to be able to
make your gameplay better
a bit then I'm talking with cei
many who are starting now but
also with those who are already there
little time in the call of duty series
I stay here if you like the video
stop evaluating with your phone with your
favorite is if you liked the channel if
sign up to receive more videos like
this here spoke up to the next in
fury fox